Add an example to user guide for OpenQASM circuit execution. (#38)
iqm-finland/qiskit-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

    print(job.result().get_counts())

> In addition to circuits defined with Qiskit it is also possible to execute circuits defined
> in an OpenQASM 2.0 file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If case you want to execute a circuit defined as an OpenQASM 2.0 file, you can load it into a Qiskit representation and then execute as normal:
```
